Docs: Update data management docs (#7338)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/data/index.mdx

    free: partial
    selfServe: full
    enterprise: full
---

> Data management lists many of the types of data in your PostHog instance. This helps you better understand the data you have and how it is used.

Reviewer: We're already in the docs, so I dont think we need to say "this helps you better..."
```suggestion
Below are the different types of data you'll come across in your PostHog instance. 
```
